#labels Featured,Phase-Support
===How do I find the IP address of my !PlayStation 3?===

 You can see the current IP address of the PS3 under:
  Settings > Network Settings > Setting & Connection Status List

===How do I connect to my !PlayStation 3 from the Internet (work, school, cafe, etc.)?===

 See the ExternalConnection page for details.

===How do I enable and use Remote Start (turn-on the PS3 remotely)?===

 First, ensure you have Remote Start enabled.  Go to:
  Settings > Remote Play > Remote Start

 Choose On, check the Enable Remote Start via the Internet box, and then click on OK.  

 NOTE: Depending on how long your PS3 has been off, your Internet gateway/router may have cleared the PS3's ARP address from the cache.  When this happens, the gateway/router will not forward incoming Wake-on-LAN (WoL) packets to your PS3.  You can over come this problem if you can save a _static_ ARP entry.  For example, under most Unix-based operating systems, the command would be similar to (substitue XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX and FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF with the IP address and MAC address of your PS3, and eth0 with the appropriate interface):

  <pre> # arp -s XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF</pre>
  Or
  <pre> # ip neigh add XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX lladdr FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF nud permanent dev eth0</pre>

 Second, ensure you're Internet firewall/gateway either has UPnP enabled, or that you have manually port forwarded 9293 (TCP and UDP) to the PS3's IP address.  If you are at home, on your LAN, then ensure you have selected "Enable WoL Reflector" from the Edit page for your PS3 settings.

===How do I turn-off my !PlayStation 3 remotely?===

 If you wish to turn the PS3 off, go to:
  Users > Turn Off System